Hey! Watch it!
Gautam.
Hi baby.
Your uncle from
Seattle is at reception...
...and the hotel has no room.
Please talk to this guy.
It’s getting very awkward.
Yeah, hello.
Sir, your wife is set on 405.
But it’s occupied.
We moved the 601 guests to 405.
Champa.
That’s my baby’s cap.
Where’s my baby?
Babe, you found Rambo?
I’ll check on the platform.
This after party is so not lit
without your moves.
It's all thanks to him that
she insisted I go.
Just get Rambo fast.
Yeah, I'll bring that killjoy...
Get off me!
You piece of shit!
You’re not going anywhere.
Who the hell are you?
It’s been hard on him babe.
Don’t be so negative.
I’m not... he has to move on.
I hate his celebration of depression.
Whose line is that?
It's mine.
Yeah, sure.
Why can’t it be mine?
Tell someone else.
Wait a sec... Indu.
I’ll call you back.
What the hell man!
That’s my brother.
Get off him.
Raman. What happened?
Your brother has stolen
this woman’s baby.
Don’t talk shit.
What’s happened, bro?
I found this cap on the ground.
Now they think I’ve stolen the baby.
It was in his hand.
A woman bumped into
me and dropped the cap.
What’s this racket?
- It’s a misunderstanding...
- Get back.
Sir. This man has stolen my daughter.
Her cap was in his hands.
The cap fell when he
bumped into a woman.
Woman?
That woman dropped the cap.
Which woman?
Do you know her?
How the hell would I?
He doesn’t know her.
Shut up.
You, come here.
Listen to me.
Just calm down please.
Sir, I just got off the train.
I left my phone to charge and
waited for my brother.
I bought biscuits and...
You can ask him.
I bought biscuits from you, right?
Yes.
He did buy biscuits.
Did you see me with a baby?
- No.
- See?
Did you see anything else?
Which idiot would stick around
after stealing a baby?
- She’s long gone.
- Call the police.
Champaa...
Oh god!
Someone help her.
She took my baby.
Take her to the bench.
My baby... I lost her.
You lot don’t think
before mobbing someone.
Don’t lose hope.
Don’t crowd around her.
Move from here.
Let’s quickly get out of here.
Bloody savages!
Out for a pound of flesh.
You two.
Come here.
What is it, sir?
I said, come here.
It’s all sorted.
What now?
He is the only witness.
The police are coming.
They’ll take his statement.
You take it.
I can’t take it.
Please take it, sir.
You’re on duty.
We’re in a hurry.
I don’t have the authority.
I’ve called the local police.
It’s their job.
You do have the authority, Sir.
Come. Let’s talk privately...
What’s this arrogance?
You should be ashamed.
Of a chat?
Bloody talking nonsense.
Just wanted to chat.
A woman has lost her baby.
And you...
Sir, how much time will it take?
It will take as long as it takes.
Cooperate with the police.
- Okay, Sir.
- You look like decent folk.
Such nonsense doesn't suit you.
Sir...
Don’t crowd now.
Did you see my baby?
- No, sorry.
- She's very young.
We’re stuck in this mess, man.
Why did it have to be today?
Mum’s going to stress.
We’ll tell her that
the train is late.
Well, it was late.
Tea?
Tequila?
Come on. I’ve got some.
Someone stole Champa from
the railway station.
I can’t live without her, Geetu.
I’ll jump in front of the train.
My baby’s gone.
I couldn’t do anything.
It’s better I die.
Jhumpa, you can't go crazy.
Just listen to me.
Stop crying.
Go search for her.
You'll find her.
There's no time to cry. Get up.
Ask people, search for her.
Don't give up.
The police will not help you.
You have to look for Champa.
She has no one else.
I'll go ask your brother for help.
Don't worry. I'm with you.
Go now.
- The train hasn't arrived?
- Wow, Mum. Looking beautiful.
Don’t change the topic.
His phone is also switched off.
I’ll message once he's here.
Just catch some sleep.
The event is in a few hours.
Okay.
But please don’t forget to call me.
Don’t worry, Mum. Go to bed.
Make sure you call.
Yeah, sure.
Give the phone to Indu.
Hey, what’s up?
Did she say anything?
She wanted both her sons
to be there for her cocktail.
What else?
She's the one who
forced me to leave.
With Mum, it’s always
emotional blackmail.
What do you want?
You must have seen that woman?
No, I didn’t.
She went right past you.
I’m not a watchman.
Sir, surely you saw her?
No, she rushed away quickly.
I saw her shawl.
It was grey. Like cement.
That’s it.
But her nose was very long.
I remember that.
It was quite...
...quite unusual.
What’s up?
Long, like a parrot’s beak.
Quite long.
Sir.
Will you help me?
Yeah, sure.
Take this.
Put it away.
Not this.
Keep it.
What?
Stop it, bro!
Look at that attitude.
What are you doing?
She wanted help.
I gave her money.
Exactly. She asked for help.
Money is key at such times.
What?
Nothing.
What’s taking you so long?
It’s done, Sir.
Sir, she’s not thinking straight.
Don't worry.
I will tell the police...
...that another woman stole the baby.
- I don’t have change.
- Keep it.
Dark complexion.
Five foot tall.
Grey shawl.
Parrot beak nose.
Anything else?
Sir, that’s all we know.
Can we leave?
Go, if you’re in such a rush.
No, Sir. I can't leave my brother.
And skip the statement?
Sir, I didn't mean...
Yeah, you.
What’s your name?
Sir, Raman Bansal.
I just told you.
What do you do?
I'm a photographer.
Of what?
Sir, he's a freelancer.
For different magazines...
Shut up!
How does my job
affect the case?
Let me decide that.
Where were you at the
time of the crime?
Hello.
I need to tell you something.
Aye... where’s the baby’s mother?
She was around just now.
Here at the platform.
Panditji.
Clearly, she doesn't care.
Anyway.
Why didn’t you run
after the woman?
I didn't know she was a kidnapper
or I would’ve stopped her.
What are you two doing here?
Sir, what does one do
at a railway station?
What does one do?
- Tell me.
- Sir actually...
No. We don't know.
Do enlighten us.
Sir, he missed his flight and
had to rush by train.
- What was the name?
- Pathankot.
He came on the
Pathankot express.
I’m his elder brother.
Came to pick him up.
His train was also delayed...
We're going to a wedding.
Your wedding?
No, Sir.
Then?
Whose wedding is it?
Mother's.
Whose mother's?
Our mother's.
Do you have a problem?
Let’s stick to the point.
Sir, we’ve been here a long time.
He's tired.
We’ve done nothing wrong.
You know that.
Mr. Bansal.
Around here, it’s fists before facts.
Understood?
- No mercy for outsiders here.
- Got it, Sir.
Leave me. Get away.
He's running away.
Hey... stop.
- Sir, she is lying.
- I overheard him.
This crazy woman scratched my face.
He's mixed up with that woman.
Sir, I’m just a tea seller.
He’s stolen my baby.
He called his accomplice.
And warned her.
I heard.
I was just telling my
friend about the kidnapping.
She attacked me for no reason.
She did accuse him before.
You're all involved.
Hey. Calm down.
Or we can’t help you.
Sir, I think she's right.
I also have my doubts about him.
See?
What are you doing, Raman?
Actually, she’s right.
Why did you hide your phone?
I was just making tea.
He suddenly hid his phone
when I caught him listening.
Don't get involved.
He's lying.
Let him.
Just call his last dialed number.
Then we’ll know.
Keep quiet.
Make the call.
Sir, I don't have balance.
The bloody liar!
He is clearly involved.
I made a mistake. Forgive me, Sir.
Please have mercy.
What's her name?
Surili.
We met a month ago.
I just had to tip her off
and get 5,000 per baby.
You jerk. How many
babies did you steal?
I swear it’s my first time, Sir.
Forgive me, Sir.
If she’s not found,
you’re the fall guy.
I overheard her call
someone to the Cursed Manor.
Don’t talk shit!
No one is stupid enough
to go to that cursed place.
I swear, Sir. I heard her.
She is hiding there.
You think we’re fools
who’ll believe anything?
I am not lying, Sir.
Sir, he’s bluffing.
That woman won't stick around.
Officer, let’s go.
Champa is there. You heard...
Go where?
The Cursed Manor...
We need to file a report
at the station first...
We can do that later.
First, we need to find Champa...
You were snoring when
the baby was picked up.
Just shut up now.
She's right, Sir.
Are you her lawyer?
She’s not wrong though.
You should leave right now.
What are you doing?
- Don't meddle in my work!
- Exactly!
Why are you getting aggressive?
Wanna see me aggressive?
- Let them do their job.
- They are wasting time.
You think we are wasting time?
Sir, he didn't mean that...
It is time wasting.
He just told you about the cursed...
Explain police protocol to him.
Let them do their job man.
Sir, what’s your division number?
Why? What will you do?
Who do you think you are,
jerk?
Sir, don’t curse. are you mad?
Go wait outside.
Wait.
I’ll take him, Sir.
I’ll take him.
Come. Let's find the baby.
Apologize right away.
I apologize, Sir.
I am sorry.
He is a witness.
And he’s not going anywhere.
Sir please!
Say sorry.
Sure, Sir.
Let's go.
Sorry.
What happened to you in there?
Is something wrong?
I just lost my cool.
They were so callous.
- I’m sorry.
- What is he saying?
We have to go with them.
To the cursed manor.
Cursed place?
We’re finding the baby now?
- It’s only 15 mins.
- And if we don't find her?
- We'll leave.
- We’ll keep searching?
- No no no. We’ll leave.
- Spend the whole day here?
No. It’s only 15 mins.
You wanna skip her wedding, right?
No way. I’ve got a gift for Mum.
Brother, they wouldn’t
have helped her.
- She’ll die without her baby.
- Thanks to you, I’m also stuck.
I should be there man.
At least one son should be there.
We’ll go.
Let’s go now.
I’ll handle it later.
Come on.
Raman.
- Gautam, we can’t leave bro.
- Just come with me.
He’s taken my ID card.
Why’d you give it?
I’m sorry.
I’ll apologise to them.
We’re stuck man.
We’re stuck badly.
Mark my words. We’re in deep shit.
What will I tell Mum?
Balwant will come grab the tea boy.
Take him for a medical first.
You boys!
Take her with you.
Welcome, madam.
At your service.
Hurry up.
Shut the door harder.
Stay on our tail.
Sir, his ID?
What ID?
Come on.
Where the hell
are they taking us?
It’s the opposite direction.
Call your family to help.
We’ll leave after dropping you.
Champa is all I have.
Champa is your daughter’s name?
Yes.
How old is she?
Five months.
You’ll find her.
Don't give her false hopes.
You’re going home?
Manali.
Manali?
In peak winter.
With a five month old baby?
So?
So, it's not safe.
That’s our life.
We move for work.
Building houses and roads.
No work in your village?
Left it.
Why?
Police filed a false case
against my husband.
He died in prison.I ran away.
What case?
Brother.
Should I drive?
Hold on.
Pull over to the side.
- What happened?
- Pull over.
- Get down.
- I can drive.
Yeah, sure.
Get down.
You're dozing off.
We lost them. Shit.
Why haven’t you spoken to Mum?
She was asking for
you the whole time.
Brother, you were there with her.
But she was asking about you.
She was missing you.
Stop guilt tripping me.
You know I missed my flight.
You should have taken
the next one.
It cost 21,000.
Stop worrying about money.
I was paying for it.
Why would you?
Why can’t I?
I earn enough.
You also... Leave it.
Yeah. Leave it. Please.
Next flight was four hours later.
Couldn’t have reached
before 01:30.
And the train was
reaching at 02:00.
But it didn't. You were late.
And missed the party.
Jhumpa.
The police were at
your brother’s place.
He has told
them everything.
They know which train you took
and they have your photo.
Watch your back, Jhumpa.
It's not my fault
the train ran late.
Everyone knows that
trains run late.
Flights also run late
and get cancelled.
And lightning can strike us too.
I’m here for the wedding, right?
Should I say thank you?
No, gimme a medal.
Now what,
man!
Who the hell
are these guys?
Who knows.
What happened, Sir?
Where are you going?
We're with the police
who passed on a bike.
Call them. I’ll confirm.
Do we have contact ?
Where are you going?
To Mandawa.
In the opposite direction?
As I said, we’re
following the policemen.
Show me your ID.
Get out.
What's the problem, Sir?
Check the boot.
There’s a lady in the car.
Shut up and get out.
Get out, you two.
Get her out.
Watch the girl.
This is the trio.
What’s this behaviour?
Check the boot properly.
Do we look like criminals?
We’re going for important work.
Here they are.
What's the holdup?
Sir, I have information. 30 mins
ago, two men and a woman...
...stole a baby from Kumba railway station
and escaped in a Black SUV.
This is a bullshit video.
Everyone in a black car
is a kidnapper?
Be quiet. Stand back.
We’ll sort it out.
News of these 3 has gone viral.
Our Youth Watch Group
is getting all the updates.
Check your source.
My source is reliable.
Forest officers are not police.
They’re with me.
How dare you stop them?
Our children are at risk.
We have to be vigilant.
They’re suspects.
They’re not suspects.
They’re witnesses.
- Get into the car.
- Wait.
Put it in writing.
Stay in your limits.
- Talk to your boss.
- Don’t get in my way.
The clown wants it in writing!
Yes sir!
Sir I got an input.
Two men in a black car are...
But sir...
Get in the car.
Come on. Get in the car!
Do I look like a baby snatcher?
It's okay. It's over.
Look at the way he was talking.
I told you she would
get us into trouble.
What’s wrong with you?
Let it go, brother.
It’s not her fault.
Wake up, dude.
If the police hadn’t come
we would've been screwed.
If the police did their job
we wouldn’t need to get involved.
He is right.
You shut up now.
Couldn't speak up there?
- Relaxed, brother.
- I am relaxed, okay?
Aren't the police doing their job?
Only because we are here.
Can’t you see this?
We can't be everywhere.
Without us, she had no chance.
I don’t give a damn!
I’m sorry for the
trouble I have caused...
I'll find her myself.
You boys.
Stay here.
Why are you going?
Raman... it’s Mum's wedding.
I can’t be everywhere, right?
If this is how you manage my event,
no wonder clients keep complaining.
Mom wanted white carnations
and you got blue orchids!
Throw them out.
Don't gimme problems.
I want solutions.
The company's not paying for this.
Panditji. What happened?
She's running away.
Get her.
Champa.
Stop her.
How did this happen?
Ask him.
Why did you attack her?
I was trying to help.
Sir, she attacked first.
It's not his fault.
It's self defence, right?
An accident.
Save it for court.
Where is that woman?
There.
It’s a dead end.
It's the curse of this place, Sir.
We’re also cursed.
To spend our day doing paperwork.
My daughter is not there.
It's impossible to find her now.
She was our only lead.
How do we investigate now?
Why did you kill her?
Why?
It was a mistake.
He didn’t mean to.
How will I find Champa now?
Sir, let’s check inside.
We might find a clue.
After all, it was her hideout.
Sir, my head is spinning.
Let’s go.
Panditji.
Take care of the body.
It's not your fault.
I'll figure out something.
Come on.
- Let's go.
- Yes, Sir.
I'll be back in no time.
I'll figure out something.
Where are you going?
Just till the car.
Come here.
Sit down.
Down!
Get a tractor and some boys
to the cursed manor.
Yes, Sir.
A man is also involved.
He’s escaped with the baby.
Both junkies.
It's their love nest.
The last kidnapping seems
like their handiwork.
We’re on it, Sir.
Mr. Bansal, this area is cursed.
The people are enraged and
can burst at any time.
How can we keep our eyes
on every child?
The gods are angered
for some reason.
It’s the 6th baby this month.
...and none have been found.
Your brother bit off more
than he could chew.
And who got screwed?
You.
I was just helping you.
Help yourself.
If we press for manslaughter...
...your life is ruined.
Let's go.
Yes, Sir.
If we don't find anything here
we'll come to headquarters.
[Rehab Centre]
The mother is with me.
[Acchelal: Opium Addict.
Last visit 3 days ago]
She’s Bengali.
Jhumpa Mahato.
Red alert? Are you sure?
She came on the
Mahanagri Express.
Yes, Sir.
Yeah. Around 27.
She has been conning us.
Yes, Sir.
I had my doubts about her.
I’ll arrest her.
Jhumpa.
What happened, Sir?
Did you see Jhumpa?
No, Sir. I was with him.
What happened, Sir?
Turns out, Jhumpa is a thief.
She stole from her
employer in Mumbai.
What are you saying, Sir?
Abandoned the baby to save herself.
And he got screwed.
You sort things here.
I’ll look for her.
Can we leave?
Wait!
What’s the watch worth?
150,000.
Take it off.
Do it fast.
Give me your ring.
Take it off, brother!
Hide the chain.
Sir, this is all we have.
Matters have gotten worse.
Your video has reached me too.
Can we leave?
Go quickly. I’ll handle Shakti Sir.
Thank you very much, Sir.
Don’t stop anywhere.
Yes, Sir.
Slow down, brother.
Don’t stress. It’s...
Shut up.
I was just saying...
I told you to shut up!
Put on your GPS.
I sent you the address.
Mr. Raman, turn it on.
Do you need my help?
Thanks to your 15 mins
I murdered someone.
You fought with everyone.
She's a damn thief!
She’s not a thief.
Please shut up, man!
Brother, please stop.
Why?
Please stop.
Please, brother.
What is it?
She’s not a thief.
You wanna discuss that now?
Hear me out.
You piece of shit.
How can you be my brother?
Shut your trap.
Please listen to me, bro.
It’s a misunderstanding!
Out!
- Hear me out.
- Get out!
She is being framed, man!
What the hell are you doing?
Listen to me. She’s being framed.
You’re helping a criminal.
- She’s not a criminal.
- She’s a thief.
- She’s not.
- I’m not a thief.
Her contractor filed
a fake complaint.
You know how it works.
Really?
Let’s call the police then.
- Are you mad?
- Why? You scared?
Police will arrest her.
The baby won't be found.
And what’s your plan?
I’ll explain.
She found this card at the hideout.
This Acchelal has her baby.
He was at this rehab
center three days ago.
- Where did you find this?
- Inside.
You’re going to jail.
You stole evidence!
Police won’t do anything with it.
Please spare us, woman!
I’m a killer already!
I’ll find my baby myself!
Get lost!
- Have you lost it?
- What’s gotten into you?
What are you doing?
Can't you see that
she needs our help?
Why do you have to help?
Someone has to.
Raman. Be practical.
I'm not practical like you.
Sometimes one has
to take a stand.
What else have we been doing?
You'll never get it.
Make me get it.
You won’t.
You’ve never lost a loved one.
Raman, wait a minute.
Are you blaming me for your loss?
She was terminal.
We also loved Riya.
We took her to Hopkins.
We tried.
Tried what?
What did you do?
What?
We did everything.
Tell me one thing.
I gave you everything.
I just wanted a hand on my shoulder.
And what did you do?
Remember what you said?
Move on.
For your own good.
Please try to understand.
I’m your brother.
Not an assignment.
Take my advice.
Think beyond money.
That might help.
The rehab centre is
in Bansdola village.
It's only 15 mins away. But
I can't find it on the GPS.
Pull over, I'll ask for directions.
Right here.
I'll be right there.
I'm really sorry.
Boys, it’s the SUV
from this video.
Yes. It's the kidnappers.
Bablu, livestream this.
Oi. Hello.
What's going on?
Want a ride?
You’ve sold the baby?
What baby?
Come here.
Don’t act innocent.
We’ll find them now
that we have you.
Stop recording!
Put it down.
- You were at the station?
- So?
- Where are our children?
- What children?
Billay! Mukesh!
One minute. Just hear me out.
- Raman!
- It’s his partner.
Don't raise your voice.
Keep your gaze down.
Wait. What has happened?
Stop fighting.
Calm down please.
Bilay, get the girl.
It's a misunderstanding.
Hear me out.
Hey!
What are you doing?
How dare you touch me?
I'll break you!
You're dead.
Get in the car.
Hurry!
- Why do you keep fighting?
- What did I do?
Get her. Please.
Yeah, okay.
They'll kill her.
Hurry up.
Speed up.
Which way?
There.
So much cash?
I earned it.
As a laborer?
No. I saved up.
Your contractor didn’t pay you
and filed a fake complaint.
I worked for a year.
And earned so much?
After the construction job,
I worked for a year.
She’s lying, bro!
Don’t believe her.
How did you reach Bombay?
You said you've never been there.
Tell us the truth.
Did you steal the money?
They are after us. Floor it.
Raman. Call Panditji.
Password?
1-9-8-2
are they still coming?
Yes, run it fast.
Yeah?
Sir, some men are after us.
What!
They're chasing us on bikes.
Where are you right now?
It's a hilly road.
With grey boulders.
The road leads to Bansdola village.
Don't stop anywhere else.
I'm coming.
Hurry up please, sir.
Are they still behind us?
Yes!
Stop the car.
Open the door.
Stop chasing us, jerks.
Watch out, bro!
Give me my phone.
Jhumpa, where the hell are you?
Don't say anything, brother.
- I'm warning you.
- The cops are after me, idiot.
Are you insane,
stealing madam's baby?
It's not her baby.
You've really screwed up.
Whose child has she stolen?
Who's speaking?
Where are you taking Jhumpa?
Jhumpa is with us.
Where are you calling from?
Damn.
She's stolen the baby.
No.
It's not hers.
She's been deceiving us.
No.
My brother is a dishonest jerk.
Everyone's a jerk.
And you're a saint.
You will rot in jail, Jhumpa.
I'm a fool to have trusted you.
I fought my brother
and the police for you.
Trust me. My brother is evil.
They think we stole the baby.
- He sold Champa to my employer.
- She's making up stories.
You tricked us.
Despite us helping you.
- Believe me, Sir.
- Whose daughter is Champa?
My daughter.
Don't freaking lie.
Damn, there’s more.
Just breathe, okay?
I’ll look at it once.
Don’t touch my brother.
This is because of you.
You used us.
You stole the baby
and my brother...
You still think I'm lying?
I stole the baby?
Lied to you?
Champa is my daughter.
Keep the pressure.
I'll just call for some help.
Yeah, please. Hospital.
Come on.
Get out, boy.
- He’s been shot.
- Come out, you scum!
It’s a misunderstanding!
Let me go.
My brother needs help.
Get the girl!
He'll die. Please let us go.
Please don’t do this.
We’ve done nothing.
Throw it away.
You’ll hurt yourself.
Give me the keys.
Give me the damn keys.
Throw the keys, jerk.
You get in car.
Raman, get in the car.
You won’t get away, you shit!
Don't sleep.
Keep your eyes open!
- Are you okay, brother?
- Yes. Yes. You’re okay?
We’ll reach soon, okay?
You will be fine, Sir.
Shit man!
No network.
Water...
Some water, please.
- Do we have water?
- No. No water.
It won't be long, brother.
Sorry, brother.
Sorry.
It's nothing.
- I made a mistake.
- Don't worry. It's fine.
It's not your fault.
Don't worry.
I'm sorry, brother.
We’ll be at the hospital soon.
- You’re hearing me?
- Yes... yes.
Okay, Raman?
We’re reaching.
Watch out.
Raman, are you okay?
There they are.
Let’s get them.
We need to move.
- Can you walk?
- Yes. Yes.
Let's go. Let's go.
- They’re coming.
- Hurry. Hurry.
Uncle...
...where’s the nearest hospital?
- You okay?
- Yes.
Here.
This way.
Jhumpa.
Gautam.
Phone.
You have your phone?
You have yours?
[REHAB CENTER]
You two stay here.
Where are you going?
The Rehab Center.
Don't go.
You'll get killed.
Take this.
It’s Daya madam’s number.
Call her.
No one else knows about Champa.
Who’s she?
She...
...she bought my womb.
Don't go.
Raman.
Open your eyes.
Keep them open, okay?
I'm going out
to get help. Okay?
Raman! Are you okay?
I’m going to get help.
Okay?
Repeat what I said.
You’re going out...
Raman.
Speak up.
Repeat what I said.
You're getting help.
- Don't go out. Okay?
- I won't...
Don't go out.
And eyes open, okay?
Yes...
Don’t sleep, brother.
Don’t sleep.
I’ll be right back.
There she is.
We got the girl.
You’re not getting away.
Stop right there, you damn thief.
You'll pay for every stolen baby.
We'll tear you to pieces.
Don’t let her escape boys.
That's him.
Get that piece of shit!
Get him down.
Please leave me.
I haven't done anything.
There’s no way out, you’re gone.
- Mess him up.
- Please stop.
Where is the baby?
Believe me...
I don’t...
He won’t tell us this easily.
Baby snatchers are real scum.
We’ll make an example of you.
No one will dare steal our kids.
Where are the kids?
Tell me!
Let's take him
to the village square.
We'll punish him for his sins.
Justice will be served today.
Let's hang him!
Come on, everybody.
This piece of shit stole
our children.
Hit him hard.
Beat him.
Everyone come to the square.
Hey. Back off.
Leave him.
He hasn’t done anything.
Are you crazy?
Stay away, Panditji.
I’m asking politely.
I’m warning you, Rana.
Have you guys gone insane?
You will kill him!
He deserves to be killed.
He has not stolen any baby.
Get off him!
Stay away, Panditji.
Stop this madness!
Rana, don't dig your own grave.
You'll regret it.
He has not stolen any baby.
Stop behaving like animals.
Get away, you animals!
Let’s go, Mr. Bansal.
Why are you beating him?
Mr. Bansal?
Where’s your brother?
Acchelal.
Where's Acchelal?
You sure you left him here?
I’ll check upstairs.
Mr. Bansal, there's no one there.
Be careful, Mr. Bansal
Mr. Bansal, please slow down.
Easy please.
Have you seen any injured man?
No one...
Did you see anyone?
No. I came just now.
Someone must've seen him.
He was right here.
Have you seen any injured person?
No, Sir. I haven't.
His brother is badly hurt.
Please help us. Don't be afraid.
We don't know anything.
Panditji?
Sir, we found a dead body.
It’s brutally hacked with an axe.
Whose body? Found any ID?
Didn’t find any ID.
Investigate further.
Yes, Sir.
Where's Acchelal?
Hey! Stop!
Where is he?
Why would he be here?
Tell me.
He was here three days ago.
Stand back. Let me talk to her.
Listen... what's your name?
Tell me the truth!
Where's he hiding?
Hemraj, get out.
Listen. Calm down.
Let's talk.
Watch it.
You'll hurt yourself.
Tell me... where are you from?
Have a seat.
Where's Acchelal?
He's not here.
What has he done?
He's stolen my baby!
He stole my Champa.
I'll help you.
- Panditji, has the ambulance reached?
- Yes, Sir.
And Raman?
He’s alive but
can’t say for how long.
What did Gautam say?
Sir, he’s seen the scar.
Jhumpa has delivered the baby.
It's clear. She sold her womb.
Yes, Sir. It's a tricky case.
Did you call that number?
Yes, Sir.
I called Daya madam.
When she learnt I'm a cop,
she denied the story...
...and hung up the phone.
Of course she did.
It's an illegal surrogacy.
Daya madam and Jhumpa,
will both go to jail.
- Yes, Sir.
- And the baby will suffer.
If she's found.
Yes, Sir.
You okay?
- Let’s leave?
- Yeah.
Panditji, go find Jhumpa.
Sir, me...
Is your head still spinning... huh?
I didn’t mean that, sir.
I was taking the boys
to the hospital.
The ambulance is enough.
If she gets away
there will be an enquiry.
Mumbai Police are coming.
Get her to the headquarters.
As you say.
You go ahead.
What about the baby?
No one cares about her.
He’s lost a lot of blood.
You should leave urgently.
Jhumpa is innocent.
She’s being framed.
We will investigate.
Don’t worry.
Leave immediately.
Don’t waste time.
Sir, please pass my phone.
Yeah. What happened?
I’m driving, idiot.
How could I say no to the police?
That’s Acchelal standing beside Surili.
Local wrestling champ.
They met here.
He got her a job at the hospital.
Is the paperwork done?
Keep everything ready.
And don’t call again!
Where can I find Acchelal?
He drives the hospital ambulance.
Take me there.
Let's go.
You're not going to any hospital.
You're going to jail.
Noor, wait outside.
Nurse, prep for intubation.
Acchelal, clear the pockets.
Pass the oximeter.
Doc, I'll be right back.
Wait. We have to shift him.
I've got other work.
Noor.
Dharmender.
Look here.
Shift him immediately.
- Where are you going?
- I'll be back.
Excuse me.
Do you have Panditji's number?
Huh?
The local cop with...
Shakti... Shakti Singh.
Who is Shakti?
Where can I find Acchelal?
Who is accompanying you?
- Where can I find him?
- Please wait here.
You're badly hurt.
Where are you going?
Sir, please wait.
Why haven't you finished it?
Forget the name.
Let them write what they want.
Just print the papers quickly.
- Pass the certificate.
- Which one?
Birth certificate, you fool!
Excuse me.
Who’s the head incharge here?
- Head incharge?
- Main doctor?
Dr. Dhingra.
- Where to find him?
- Three rooms down.
Wait. Listen to me.
Where are you going?
You are badly hurt.
Listen to me.
You can’t go in like that.
- Where’s the doctor?
- Let us treat you first.
Please. It’s important.
I must see him.
He is outside.
Acchelal, quickly give
them the papers.
You’re bleeding. Let me help you.
Please wait.
You’ll hurt yourself.
You’re bleeding.
Please come with me.
Sir, he’s not listening and...
Whose child is that?
Whose is it?
That child is not yours.
Get him inside.
Patch him up.
It's a stolen baby.
It's not yours.
The baby is stolen Ma'am.
Don’t do this.
You’ll never be happy.
Please don't do this.
It’s someone else’s baby.
Sir, he’s not listening
Aye. Shut up!
What's this nonsense?
Stop creating a ruckus.
I'm creating a ruckus?
Don't spread lies!
I'm lying?
Look at this.
Isn't this the same baby?
It's the same baby.
Put that away.
They’re running a racket.
Show me the baby's face.
Why should we?
Show me.
We won't.
Sir, show him the baby once.
Shut up!
Just do your job.
Show me the baby's face.
I dare you.
- Come with us.
- No, I won't go.
Hey! Stop manhandling him.
Get lost.
Can't you see he's hurt?
Don't interfere, madam.
They are stealing babies.
I have evidence.
They're stealing babies.
Show us the baby's face.
Why should we show you anything?
Why did you run
after taking the money?
The payment was for one
child, which is with them.
Don't spin yarns.
I'm talking about the same child.
No.
The other child.
Not my Champa.
Deal was for one child, Sir.
What was the deal?
Daya madam doesn't
have her own child.
So she bought my womb.
Doctor told me that I would
have to carry one baby.
But my goddess,
Bonbibi had a different plan.
She knew I didn't have anyone.
She knows my life.
Without a man, Bonbibi
rewarded me with two babies.
The first child is with them.
Second one is my Champa.
My daughter.
Why should I give Champa?
She is my daughter, right?
They're running a rotten business.
They are selling babies.
The baby is stolen.
Show us the baby.
Yes, show us the baby.
Catch them.
Catch the doctor.
Panditji.
That's the kidnapper.
The baby is inside.
It’s their child.
We have the paperwork.
All forged.
Shut it!
Let me investigate.
Get out.
We were told that the
baby is a COVID orphan.
I paid 200,000.
We’ll discuss your
200,000 in the prison.
Get out.
Champa.
Open the door.
She’s my Champa.